# Reflection: February 13th 

Both readings center on the challenges of understanding (or empathizing) with the experience of others. They communicate fundamental limitations in the ways in which designers can effectively empathize with those outside their own experience. How do these challenges align with your own experiences in creative production or collaboration? Are there scenarios in which you have felt unable to understand the experience of a person you were designing for or working with? Alternatively, how have your own experiences biased you towards valuing some forms of knowing or production over others?  

- I agree with Bennett and Rosner's point of putting "being with" first more than "being like". They mentioned that treating the empathized as spectacle is one mode of displacement threaded through the accounts, the voting machine and the Adapt-o-Pack. Because of this lack of consideration, we might miss out possibilities and opportunities coming from disabled people's other acute senses. I had always thought about creating technology for disabled people as limiting the possibilities. In retrospect, I realize that it can create more opportunities for technology to move forward. For instance, when making digital drawing tools for people with body impairments, we can consider modalities such as EEG or voice recognition instead of a pen. I originally thought this might be very uncomfortable, because these are not the ways how I interact with digital devices when I draw. I think this is also the case where I focused on my own exprience of using digital devices rather than the users.                          
